we are here at pragati maidan covering
wrap the smart cities in their 2015 so
let us just go inside and see what
exactly the show is all about and how is
it going on what is your opinion about
smart cities 2015 it was a very good
platform where exhibitors from various
field could come and showcase their
abilities this exhibition is basically a
exposition platform where in the first
time people have come together is an
exposition where people are realizing
what a smart city should be the event is
good they come a kind of football the
quantity and the quality both are good I
think it's a great initiative a very
timely initiative some of the technology
is represented are very appropriate the
concurrent conference also has some very
interesting topics and I think it's
going to fly and I think they should do
in other cities as well it's pretty good
people are quite poor present
under a lot of dealers coming in there
and dealers are something we are looking
forward to meeting and there are not
inquiries basically because let's face
it like 20 years ago automation was only
targeted to at the elite class it was
only for Big Shot people but presently
automation has become the need of the
day and every person wants an automated
room so well we have been getting a lot
of good response so yeah I'm happy it's
a fantastic event magnificent platform
for the cause to develop India to grow
India and to champion his honorary Prime
Minister Modi's initiative and vision so
it's a really a great event and a
fantastic platform ratings out of 5 how
much ratings would you like to give to
this Expo even if I say why it will be
understatement
really there's been wonderful power for
just one because I'd like to see more
exhibitors i would give 4.5 out of 5
every three out of five my points are
five i give it 4.5 i see the crowd is
very relevant is a is a mix of
government agencies system integrators
as well as manufacturers that come here
and exactly what we have even looking
for while we participate from the
industry quite a good football quite a
good footfall from the academia as well
but i would say pic limited foot form
from the government side i have seen
people
who are totally new to automation and I
have also seen people in this exhibition
who are who know everything in and out
of automation so yeah well there's a lot
of variety of people coming in from
owners to buyers & dealers too and in
different category different feel
different to tell you it's too many
people to make variety it's been fun
talking to every one of them maybe the
landscape the planning of the stalls set
up can be more spaced out more focus on
renewable energy more we need more
initiative in India like lavasa for
example I think showcasing more
initiatives like that as well showcasing
more international there's a sweetened
pavilion but there's a lot of work going
on in Holland there's a lot of work
going on in North America in Brazil I
think getting them in for example
Curitiba in Brazil has phenomenal
ecosmart City eco-city concept going on
they should be showcased here so yeah
there's a lot of potential of
international showcasing it shouldn't be
a higher degree of outside visitors this
kind of an exposition should be opened
up to public and this is only a b2b
exposure that you making over here right
we have to acquitted this eco i as a b2c
segment see is totally missing the
connectivity is very poor we wanted to
showcase some real live projects we also
acquired bandwidth for that but for
whatever reason it is not coming in so
yeah we understand this is the first of
its treatment but going forward you
could really improve on that piece
and also little bit on the preparation
side the last mile thing could have been
taken let's see they shall have
something like the water prices at the
end of the ceremony you know just to get
the enthusiasm a little you know going
through it because there should be a
proper closing ceremony with awards for
the best booth or more inquiries the
best product for more number of products
launched in this ceremony particularly
definitely I would for sure you were
definitely see us next year as well oh
absolutely maybe twice a year yeah
certainly I would be part and parcel of
this show all with their time thank you
so much for your time
Oh